“Assassination Conspiracy
By Tamara Glass


Everybody remembers where they were when they heard the news that former President Nikolaev was assassinated. On the night of March 18th, Madam President Charlotte Nikolaev was attending a gala hosted by Secretary of State, Alden Olhouser. Around 11:30pm President Nikolaev was pulled aside by Alden Olhouser into an adjacent room. She was last seen with a drink in hand. Neighbors and the President’s personal guards reported screaming. Head of the President’s personal guard, Quinten Judit Maradona, was the first to respond, finding Secretary Olhouser clutching President Nikolaev’s body. The President was rushed to the hospital and Secretary Olhouser was taken into custody for questioning.
As he spoke with the President, Secretary Olhouser reported a mysterious person appearing in the room, seemingly out of nowhere. He had questioned the person’s presence before the gun was fired. He stated that, “everything happened so quickly I didn’t even realize what happened.” Secretary Olhouser then said that he ran to the President and started calling for help, trying to put pressure on her wounds before the head of the President's personal guard arrived.


Official reports of the incident indicate that there were signs of a break in but no fingerprints were found on the premises. The gun that fired the bullets could not be found but investigators are currently tracing the gun. After extensive questioning, Secretary Olhouser was released without charges against him. However, there are currently no other suspects for the former President’s assassination.


There are however, suspicions that there is a connection between the unknown gunman and now President Fyfe Antuma. A source, who wishes to remain anonymous, has collected evidence of such a connection and is willing to share this information. After extensive research and collaborations with my source, we have concluded that President Fyfe Antuma assassinated former President Charlotte Nikolaev for political gain. This is validated with the evidence my source has gathered.


Interview with Anonymous:
Tamara Glass: Thank you for meeting with me today.
Anonymous: I’m just here to make sure people know the truth!
TG: Of course. And you wish to remain anonymous, yes?
A: I don’t want to paint a target on my back.
...
TG: So tell me, what connections have you made?
A: That snake, Antuma, had President Nikolaev killed and I can prove it! 
TG: That’s quite the accusation to make. Do you have any evidence to back that up?
A: I do. [pulls out a stack of documents] In my research, there are only a couple of ways the president can no longer serve - if they are ill, deceased, impeached, or resigned. Past assassinations were conducted with the motive to gain power. KFJ and Avram Motor, were assassinated so that the next person in line for succession could take over.
TG: What makes you so sure this is one of those situations?
A: Antuma promised that they’d become president at any cost, and they’re the kind of person to keep their promises. They are a persistent, honest, and outspoken person and have never reneged. Already they have tried to expand the Executive Branch’s power in their short time in office. In the past, Antuma and Nikolaev were civil political party members with differing views and Antuma plans to repeal Nikolaev’s policies. 
TG: So you believe Antuma killed Nikolaev for political power?
A: Yes, exactly. Their motive to succeed is ultimately for power to expand their ego, financial assets, and revenge for winning the presidency. 
TG: That is a lot of information to digest, but your argument is very compelling. If you find any more evidence, feel free to contact me.  
A: I’ll keep that in mind. 
TG: Thank you for your time.   
A: Thanks for having me.“