"Fire in Local Downtown Restaurant"
"A fire broke out last night at local restaurant, The Willow, that ruined everything in it’s wake. Restaurant owner, Connie Mitchell, had little to comment in regards to what caused the fire. Reports say that the restaurant went up in flames in the middle of the night around 1 a.m. We are still waiting on the official report from the local fire department but my sources tell me that the fire did not, “Seem accidental”. When asked about this assumption, Mr. Mitchell refused to comment. Until the official report is finished we won’t know if this was an unfortunate accident that ruined a man’s livelihood, or a possible case of insurance fraud.”


"Newest Top Grossing Film That is a Must Watch"
"This holiday season, grab your friends, significant others and even children to a local theater because you won’t want to miss the top 3 films of the year. Starting off at #3: The Grey Name - An action, thriller starring Umran Sinagra. A meat trader resigns from a business full of secrets, betrayals and dirty work. He gives up not only his job but his life along with it. Refusing to give up the latter, he attempts to escape and throw away his past. A movie about freeing oneself from their past. #2 Forgotten Hunter – When the nation falls to the attacks of the supernatural, all hope is lost when the hunters are gone. However, one hunter remains alive, though reluctant to go back to where they came from. A horror, action, thriller that will definitely get you hooked on the fear of dying. #1 The Healer's Snow – A romance movie based on the bestselling novel The Healer’s Snow by Amira Morris. A young tribal girl learns the art of healing passed down from her grandmother. At the age of 14, she revives a young doctor from the tundra. He is indebted to her and offers to appoint her as his apprentice. This love story will have you in tears in one minute and laughing your a** off in the next. A must see movie for the end of this year."


"Low Yielding Harvests Concerns the Nation"
“Some scary news coming to out today. The overall harvest numbers throughout the nation have been recorded at an all time low since the shortage twenty years ago. Most crops have been affected but there is no definitive answer as to why. Some experts say that the issue could be due to something in the water. Others state that it could possibly be due to ineffective pesticides. Either way, it’s something that will be felt by every person in the nation. Stock up on your veggies while you still can because in the next year you might find the shelves in your local supermarket bare.”


"Supermodel Glaukos Sun Stuns Media with Red Carpet Dress"
“This year, Supermodel Galukos Sun has been the star of the media. With her social media posts to the fashion industry’s obsession over her and her life, Ms. Sun is expected to win several awards. Her agency has complete confidence in her and endless support. Fashion designers across the globe aspire to work with her and have sent her numerous PR packages to try. She’s written reviews of them all over her social media and expresses interest in supporting small brands. On October 27th, Galukos Sun rocks a stunning, 24 carat gold dress that compliments her body shape. Her makeup paired well with the dress and made her look like a golden sun goddess. We’re looking forward to what Galukos Sun pulls and wears to her next red carpet event. Until then, you can follow her social media @sunnyglau.”